Release 5.7 (#1327)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/ember-released-5-7.md

date: 2024-03-09T00:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - releases
  - '2024'
  - version-5-x
---

Today the Ember project is releasing version 5.7 of Ember.js and Ember CLI.

This release kicks off the 5.8 beta cycle for all sub-projects. We encourage our community (especially addon authors) to help test these beta builds and report any bugs before they are published as a final release in six weeks' time. The [ember-try](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-try) addon is a great way to continuously test your projects against the latest Ember releases.

You can read more about our general release process here:

- [Release Dashboard](http://emberjs.com/releases/)
- [The Ember Release Cycle](https://blog.emberjs.com/new-ember-release-process/)
- [The Ember Project](https://blog.emberjs.com/ember-project-at-2-0/)
- [Ember LTS Releases](https://blog.emberjs.com/announcing-embers-first-lts/)

---

## Ember.js

Ember.js is the core framework for building ambitious web applications.

### Changes in Ember.js 5.7

Ember.js 5.7 is an incremental, backwards compatible release of Ember with bug fixes, performance improvements, and minor deprecations.

#### Features

Ember.js 5.7 introduced 2 features.

> - [#20639](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/20639) - Add an optional feature `no-implicit-route-model` to allow the removal of the implicit loading of a model per [RFC #774](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0774-implicit-record-route-loading) and facilitated by [`ember-optional-features`](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-optional-features/pull/334).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#20639](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/20639) - Add an optional feature `no-implicit-route-model` to opt-in to the removal of the implicit loading of a model per [RFC #774](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0774-implicit-record-route-loading) and facilitated by [`ember-optional-features`](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-optional-features/pull/334). Enabling this feature can be used to clear the [deprecation of the implicit route model behavior](https://deprecations.emberjs.com/v5.x#toc_deprecate-implicit-route-model) once you ensure your project is not relying on that behavior.
````
